Make it so that connected grid elements (i.e. elements that are part of a note and hence
connected to other grid elements in the piano roll) do NOT have colored borders between
them and the elements they are connected to.

A piano roll grid element (PRGE) is a point in note, time space corresponding to a single note,
and a time duration of 0.25 beats.

1.) Clicking a PRGE where there is no actively set note should create an active note at
    that point in time.
2.) Clicking and holding a PRGE where there is no actively set note should create an active
    note at that point in time, as well as make it movable for as long as the note is held.
    It will move in quarter-beat increments.
3.) Clicking and holding the rightmost edge of an active note will activat the resizer.
4.) An active resizer means that if the user slides the mouse forward and/or backward, the note
    associated with the resizer will be resized accordingly, snapping to the nearest quarter beat
    to the cursor.
5.) Middle clicking an active note will delete it from the piano roll.
6.) Clicking and holding the body of an active note will make it movable. It will move in
    quarter-beat increments.


TODO for adding new notes around the piano roll:
1.) When you click a location on the piano roll grid, it computes what row_num and col_num should be.
2.) Then, it builds an array containing all current note elements elements on the piano roll.
3.) Then a new note ID number is chosen based on the number of existing notes such that the ID num is unique.
4.) A new note is created via HTML injection using the unique ID:
    piano[0].insertAdjacentHTML('beforeend','<div id="note'+id.toString()+'" class="note"></div>')
5.) Set the row and col number css properties of the newly created note element according what was previously
    computed so that it is rendered correctly on the webpage:
    qqq.style.setProperty('--row_num', parseInt(getComputedStyle(qqq).getPropertyValue('--row_num'))+1);

TODO for moving notes around the piano roll:
1.) When a note is being held, increase the z-index, so that it will never be drawn below another note
    if being moved around.